Added Supporters for CoccinelleForRust (#26)
Rust-for-Linux/rust-for-linux.com: src/Coccinelle-for-Rust.md

[A recent talk about Coccinelle for Rust](https://gitlab.inria.fr/coccinelle/coccinelleforrust/-/blob/main/talks/rfl.pdf)

> ## Support

Reviewer: In the commit title you mentioned "Sponsors" -- not sure if that word should be used somewhere here if that is the case.

Author: I am sorry, I should not have used that word. Thank you!

> We would like to thank [Collabora](https://www.collabora.com/) for their support for
> the development of Coccinelle for Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like to thank [Collabora](https://www.collabora.com) for supporting
the development of Coccinelle for Rust.
```

Author: Thank you!

Reviewer: Since you were here, if you want this suggestion to be applied, I can do it before publishing.

Reviewer: (And you are welcome! :)

Author: Yes, please. That would be great!
Thank you!

Reviewer: It is now live -- please take a look. Thanks!

Author: Its is perfect. Thank you!
